the president said that the
subsidy for liquefied petroleum gas that
in 2013 it reached 522 million
dollars according to the central bank would be
retired from 2016 when
the new plants will start to operate
hydroelectric plants such as coca
elbow-sinclair the plan is that the
population use electricity as
source of energy for cooking which
will be accompanied by a campaign to
change 3 million gas cookers
electric induction manufactured in the
country however there are effects
collateral of the measure with we had a
dialogue with an expert in electricity
that tells us that the problem lies
in the fall of the system network
electric at the country level we explain
how
Then you have to pay for it
gold
what do you have to do
then
each one of these
you need a circle
they fear that amps of two poles
here I have space
where do I put it
do not
then I know that this in a home
normally enter a certain amount of
energy we talk about 110 or 220 volts of
according to the country and the device, this is the
case of Ecuador so that you cook
come into operation you need a
voltage of 220 also consider that the
outlet should also change to
do not connect the light
and what to say about the instruments of
kitchen normally uses pots of
aluminum and other implements of this
material with induction heaters
must acquire only steel slabs
ferrous that finds them in the market
from 50 dollars to know that it works
have to put a magnet
if the magnet does not grab him this is not what
work I'm going to try this doctor
materials
it's steel and yet at home you
has an extra load of wilson amps
morillo using the multimeter showed
how to increase this number when
light the stove with a single burner
this is the temperature
since I bought
here in the equator
one
never
but the problem is not only at home
and in the extra expenses the network system
of electric power when homes
they use the induction cookers
it would practically collapse the
inconvenience originates in the cables
Low voltage first point size
of the cable that we find today is number
4 provides energy for 60 houses
approximately if you consider that only
half of households use this type of
Stoves would generate a total of 320
amps capacity that does not cover the
current system this is base base phase to
times that comes from the transformer the
problem is here when you connect 20
houses only 8 amps are 160 resolution
modify the entire network system
implementing transformers that
feed energy to a certain number of
homes then here we put a
transformer and this transformer
we feed a number x of houses
another transformer comes another number x
of house with images of Gallo Vinuesa in
ibarra a marilyn rodríguez prisma
informative